Remove taskchampion source from this repo (#3427)
GothenburgBitFactory/taskwarrior: doc/devel/contrib/rust-and-c++.md

# Rust and C++

> Taskwarrior has historically been a C++ project, but as part of an [effort to replace its storage backend](https://github.com/GothenburgBitFactory/taskwarrior/issues/2770) it now includes a Rust library called TaskChampion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taskwarrior has historically been a C++ project, but as of taskwarrior-3.0.0, the storage backend is now provided by a Rust library called TaskChampion.
```

I doubt the link is very helpful any more and the language doesn't say that the storage backend was actually replaced but suggests that this is just being attempted with an "effort".

> To develop Taskwarrior, you will need both a [C++ compiler and tools](./development.md), and a [Rust toolchain](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).
> However, most tasks will only require you to be familiar with one of the two languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think these sentences say anything that isn't either false or obvious at this point.

TaskChampion implements storage and access to "replicas" containing a user's tasks.
It defines an abstract model for this data, and also provides a simple Rust API for manipulating replicas.
It also defines a method of synchronizing replicas and provides an implementation of that method in the form of a sync server.
TaskChampion provides a C interface via the `taskchampion-lib` crate, at `src/tc/lib`.

Other applications, besides Taskwarrior, can use TaskChampion to manage tasks.
Taskwarrior is just one application using the TaskChampion interface.

> You can build TaskChampion locally by simply running `cargo build` in the root of this repository.

Reviewer: Is this still true? Same for the line below referencing the ../../rust subdirectory.

Author: Nope, it's not :)
